Documentation/generated/CLI.md, before:


<!---

THIS FILE IS AUTOGENERATED USING `./scripts/generate_cli_doc.py`.
DO NOT MODIFY IT MANUALLY, MODIFY THE SCRIPT INSTEAD.

-->

# CLI Reference
Here we describe Capstan CLI in detail. Please note that this very same information can be obtained
by adding --help flag to any of the listed commands.

## General:
```
NAME:
   capstan - pack, ship, and run applications in light-weight VMs

USAGE:
   capstan [global options] command [command options] [arguments...]

COMMANDS:
     config            Capstan configuration
     info              show disk image information
     import            import an image to the local repository
     pull              pull an image from a remote repository
     rmi               delete an image from a repository
     run               launch a VM. You may pass the image name as the first argument.
     build             build an image
     compose           compose the image from a folder or a file
     images, i         list images
     search            search a remote images
     instances, I      list instances
     stop              stop an instance
     delete            delete an instance
     package           package manipulation tools
     stack, openstack  OpenStack manipulation tools
     runtime           package runtime manipulation tools (meta/run.yaml)
     volume            volume manipulation tools
     help, h           Shows a list of commands or help for one command

GLOBAL OPTIONS:
   -u value                       remote repository URL (default: "https://mikelangelo-capstan.s3.amazonaws.com/")
   --release-tag value, -r value  the release tag: any, latest, v0.51.0
   --s3                           searches and downloads from S3 repository at ("https://mikelangelo-capstan.s3.amazonaws.com/")
   --help, -h                     show help
   --version, -v                  print the version

```

## Working with application packages
These commands are useful when packaging my application into Capstan package.

### capstan package init
```
NAME:
   capstan package init - initialise package structure

USAGE:
   capstan package init [command options] [path]

OPTIONS:
   --name value, -n value      package name
   --title value, -t value     package title
   --author value, -a value    package author
   --version value, -v value   package version
   --require value             specify package dependency
   --runtime value             runtime to stub package for. Use 'capstan runtime list' to list all
   -p value, --platform value  platform where package was built on
   

```

### capstan package collect
```
NAME:
   capstan package collect - collects contents of this package and all required packages

USAGE:
   capstan package collect [command options] [arguments...]

OPTIONS:
   --pull-missing, -p  attempt to pull packages missing from a local repository
   --verbose, -v       verbose mode
   --remote            set when previewing the compose-remote
   --require value     specify extra package dependency
   

```

### capstan package compose
```
NAME:
   capstan package compose - composes the package and all its dependencies into OSv image

USAGE:
   capstan package compose [command options] image-name

OPTIONS:
   --size value, -s value  total size of the target image (use M or G suffix) (default: "10G")
   --update                updates the existing target VM by uploading only modified files
   --verbose, -v           verbose mode
   --run value             the command line to be executed in the VM
   --pull-missing, -p      attempt to pull packages missing from a local repository
   --boot value            specify default config_set name to boot unikernel with (repeatable, will be run left to right)
   --env value             specify value of environment variable e.g. PORT=8000 (repeatable)
   --fs value              specify type of filesystem: zfs or rofs
   --require value         specify extra package dependency
   

```

## Integrating existing packages
These commands are useful when we intend to use package from remote repository.

### capstan package list
```
NAME:
   capstan package list - lists the available packages

USAGE:
   capstan package list [arguments...]

```

### capstan package search
```
NAME:
   capstan package search - searches for packages in the remote repository (partial name matches are also supported)

USAGE:
   capstan package search [package-name]

```

### capstan package pull
```
NAME:
   capstan package pull - pulls the package from remote repository and imports it into local package storage

USAGE:
   capstan package pull [package-name]

```

## Working with runtimes
Runtime-related commands.

### capstan runtime list
```
NAME:
   capstan runtime list - list available runtimes

USAGE:
   capstan runtime list [arguments...]

```

### capstan runtime preview
```
NAME:
   capstan runtime preview - prints runtime yaml template to the console

USAGE:
   capstan runtime preview [command options] [arguments...]

OPTIONS:
   --runtime value, -r value  Runtime name. Use 'capstan runtime list' to see available names.
   --plain                    Remove comments
   

```

### capstan runtime init
```
NAME:
   capstan runtime init - prepares meta/run.yaml stub for selected runtime

USAGE:
   capstan runtime init [command options] [arguments...]

OPTIONS:
   --runtime value, -r value  Runtime name. Use 'capstan runtime list' to see available names.
   --plain                    Remove comments
   --force, -f                Override existing meta/run.yaml
   

```

## Executing unikernel
Commands used to run composed package.

### capstan run
```
NAME:
   capstan run - launch a VM. You may pass the image name as the first argument.

USAGE:
   capstan run [command options] instance-name

OPTIONS:
   -i value                   image_name
   -p value                   hypervisor: qemu|vbox|vmw|gce (default: "qemu")
   -m value                   memory size (default: "1G")
   -c value                   number of CPUs (default: 2)
   -n value                   networking: nat|bridge|tap|vhost (default: "nat")
   -v                         verbose mode
   -b value                   networking device (bridge or tap): e.g., virbr0, vboxnet0, tap0
   -f value                   port forwarding rules
   --gce-upload-dir value     Directory to upload local image to: e.g., gs://osvimg
   --mac value                MAC address. If not specified, the MAC address will be generated automatically.
   --execute value, -e value  set the command line to execute
   --boot value               specify config_set name to boot unikernel with (repeatable, will be run left to right)
   --persist                  persist instance parameters (only relevant for qemu instances)
   --env value                specify value of environment variable e.g. PORT=8000 (repeatable)
   --volume value             {path}[:{key=val}], e.g. ./volume.img:format=raw (repeatable)
                                    Default options are :format=raw:aio=native:cache=none
   

```

## Executing unikernel on OpenStack
Commands used to compose unikernel, upload it to OpenStack Glance and run it with OpenStack Nova.

### capstan stack push
```
NAME:
   capstan stack push - composes OSv image and pushes it to OpenStack

USAGE:
   capstan stack push [command options] image-name

DESCRIPTION:
   Compose package, build .qcow2 image and upload it to OpenStack under nickname <image-name>.

OPTIONS:
   --size value, -s value    minimal size of the target user partition (use M or G suffix).
                             NOTE: will be enlarged to match flavor size. (default: "10G")
   --flavor value, -f value  OpenStack flavor name that created OSv image should fit to
   --run value               the command line to be executed in the VM
   --keep-image              don't delete local composed image in .capstan/repository/stack
   --verbose, -v             verbose mode
   --pull-missing, -p        attempt to pull packages missing from a local repository
   --boot value              specify config_set name to boot unikernel with (repeatable, will be run left to right)
   --env value               specify value of environment variable e.g. PORT=8000 (repeatable)
   --OS_AUTH_URL value       OpenStack auth url (e.g. http://10.0.2.15:5000/v2.0)
   --OS_TENANT_ID value      OpenStack tenant id (e.g. 3dfe7bf545ff4885a3912a92a4a5f8e0)
   --OS_TENANT_NAME value    OpenStack tenant name (e.g. admin)
   --OS_PROJECT_NAME value   OpenStack project name (e.g. admin)
   --OS_USERNAME value       OpenStack username (e.g. admin)
   --OS_PASSWORD value       OpenStack password (*TODO*: leave blank to be prompted)
   --OS_REGION_NAME value    OpenStack username (e.g. RegionOne)
   

```

### capstan stack run
```
NAME:
   capstan stack run - runs image that was previously pushed to OpenStack

USAGE:
   capstan stack run [command options] image-name

DESCRIPTION:
   Run image that you've previously uploaded with 'capstan stack push'.
   Please note that image size CANNOT be changed at this point (wont' boot on
   too small flavor, wont use extra space on too big flavor), but feel free
   to adjust amount of memory (RAM).

OPTIONS:
   --flavor value, -f value  OpenStack flavor to be run with
   --mem value, -m value     MB of memory (RAM) to be run with
   --name value, -n value    instance name
   --count value, -c value   number of instances to run (default: 1)
   --verbose, -v             verbose mode
   --OS_AUTH_URL value       OpenStack auth url (e.g. http://10.0.2.15:5000/v2.0)
   --OS_TENANT_ID value      OpenStack tenant id (e.g. 3dfe7bf545ff4885a3912a92a4a5f8e0)
   --OS_TENANT_NAME value    OpenStack tenant name (e.g. admin)
   --OS_PROJECT_NAME value   OpenStack project name (e.g. admin)
   --OS_USERNAME value       OpenStack username (e.g. admin)
   --OS_PASSWORD value       OpenStack password (*TODO*: leave blank to be prompted)
   --OS_REGION_NAME value    OpenStack username (e.g. RegionOne)
   

```

## Configuring Capstan tool
Commands used to configure Capstan.

### capstan config print
```
NAME:
   capstan config print - print current capstan configuration

USAGE:
   capstan config print [arguments...]

```

## Contextualizing unikernel remotely
Commands used to contextualize remote unikernel (i.e. on OpenStack Glance).

### capstan package compose-remote
```
NAME:
   capstan package compose-remote - composes the package and all its dependencies and uploads resulting files into remote OSv instance

USAGE:
   capstan package compose-remote [command options] remote-instance

OPTIONS:
   --verbose, -v       verbose mode
   --pull-missing, -p  attempt to pull packages missing from a local repository
   --require value     specify extra package dependency
   

```

---
<sup>  Documentation compiled on: 2019/10/10 19:29
  <br>
  capstan version 
</sup>

Commit message:

package compose: add loader_image option to allow specifying arbitrary OSv kernel
Signed-off-by: Waldemar Kozaczuk <jwkozaczuk@gmail.com>

Documentation/generated/CLI.md, after:


<!---

THIS FILE IS AUTOGENERATED USING `./scripts/generate_cli_doc.py`.
DO NOT MODIFY IT MANUALLY, MODIFY THE SCRIPT INSTEAD.

-->

# CLI Reference
Here we describe Capstan CLI in detail. Please note that this very same information can be obtained
by adding --help flag to any of the listed commands.

## General:
```
NAME:
   capstan - pack, ship, and run applications in light-weight VMs

USAGE:
   capstan [global options] command [command options] [arguments...]

COMMANDS:
     config            Capstan configuration
     info              show disk image information
     import            import an image to the local repository
     pull              pull an image from a remote repository
     rmi               delete an image from a repository
     run               launch a VM. You may pass the image name as the first argument.
     build             build an image
     compose           compose the image from a folder or a file
     images, i         list images
     search            search a remote images
     instances, I      list instances
     stop              stop an instance
     delete            delete an instance
     package           package manipulation tools
     stack, openstack  OpenStack manipulation tools
     runtime           package runtime manipulation tools (meta/run.yaml)
     volume            volume manipulation tools
     help, h           Shows a list of commands or help for one command

GLOBAL OPTIONS:
   -u value                       remote repository URL (default: "https://mikelangelo-capstan.s3.amazonaws.com/")
   --release-tag value, -r value  the release tag: any, latest, v0.51.0
   --s3                           searches and downloads from S3 repository at ("https://mikelangelo-capstan.s3.amazonaws.com/")
   --help, -h                     show help
   --version, -v                  print the version

```

## Working with application packages
These commands are useful when packaging my application into Capstan package.

### capstan package init
```
NAME:
   capstan package init - initialise package structure

USAGE:
   capstan package init [command options] [path]

OPTIONS:
   --name value, -n value      package name
   --title value, -t value     package title
   --author value, -a value    package author
   --version value, -v value   package version
   --require value             specify package dependency
   --runtime value             runtime to stub package for. Use 'capstan runtime list' to list all
   -p value, --platform value  platform where package was built on
   

```

### capstan package collect
```
NAME:
   capstan package collect - collects contents of this package and all required packages

USAGE:
   capstan package collect [command options] [arguments...]

OPTIONS:
   --pull-missing, -p  attempt to pull packages missing from a local repository
   --verbose, -v       verbose mode
   --remote            set when previewing the compose-remote
   --require value     specify extra package dependency
   

```

### capstan package compose
```
NAME:
   capstan package compose - composes the package and all its dependencies into OSv image

USAGE:
   capstan package compose [command options] image-name

OPTIONS:
   --size value, -s value          total size of the target image (use M or G suffix) (default: "10G")
   --update                        updates the existing target VM by uploading only modified files
   --verbose, -v                   verbose mode
   --run value                     the command line to be executed in the VM
   --pull-missing, -p              attempt to pull packages missing from a local repository
   --boot value                    specify default config_set name to boot unikernel with (repeatable, will be run left to right)
   --env value                     specify value of environment variable e.g. PORT=8000 (repeatable)
   --fs value                      specify type of filesystem: zfs or rofs
   --require value                 specify extra package dependency
   --loader_image value, -l value  the base loader image (default: "osv-loader")
   

```

## Integrating existing packages
These commands are useful when we intend to use package from remote repository.

### capstan package list
```
NAME:
   capstan package list - lists the available packages

USAGE:
   capstan package list [arguments...]

```

### capstan package search
```
NAME:
   capstan package search - searches for packages in the remote repository (partial name matches are also supported)

USAGE:
   capstan package search [package-name]

```

### capstan package pull
```
NAME:
   capstan package pull - pulls the package from remote repository and imports it into local package storage

USAGE:
   capstan package pull [package-name]

```

## Working with runtimes
Runtime-related commands.

### capstan runtime list
```
NAME:
   capstan runtime list - list available runtimes

USAGE:
   capstan runtime list [arguments...]

```

### capstan runtime preview
```
NAME:
   capstan runtime preview - prints runtime yaml template to the console

USAGE:
   capstan runtime preview [command options] [arguments...]

OPTIONS:
   --runtime value, -r value  Runtime name. Use 'capstan runtime list' to see available names.
   --plain                    Remove comments
   

```

### capstan runtime init
```
NAME:
   capstan runtime init - prepares meta/run.yaml stub for selected runtime

USAGE:
   capstan runtime init [command options] [arguments...]

OPTIONS:
   --runtime value, -r value  Runtime name. Use 'capstan runtime list' to see available names.
   --plain                    Remove comments
   --force, -f                Override existing meta/run.yaml
   

```

## Executing unikernel
Commands used to run composed package.

### capstan run
```
NAME:
   capstan run - launch a VM. You may pass the image name as the first argument.

USAGE:
   capstan run [command options] instance-name

OPTIONS:
   -i value                   image_name
   -p value                   hypervisor: qemu|vbox|vmw|gce|hkit (default: "qemu")
   -m value                   memory size (default: "1G")
   -c value                   number of CPUs (default: 2)
   -n value                   networking: nat|bridge|tap|vhost|vnet|vpnkit (default: "nat")
   -v                         verbose mode
   -b value                   networking device (bridge or tap): e.g., virbr0, vboxnet0, tap0
   -f value                   port forwarding rules
   --gce-upload-dir value     Directory to upload local image to: e.g., gs://osvimg
   --mac value                MAC address. If not specified, the MAC address will be generated automatically.
   --execute value, -e value  set the command line to execute
   --boot value               specify config_set name to boot unikernel with (repeatable, will be run left to right)
   --persist                  persist instance parameters (only relevant for qemu instances)
   --env value                specify value of environment variable e.g. PORT=8000 (repeatable)
   --volume value             {path}[:{key=val}], e.g. ./volume.img:format=raw (repeatable)
                                    Default options are :format=raw:aio=native:cache=none
   

```

## Executing unikernel on OpenStack
Commands used to compose unikernel, upload it to OpenStack Glance and run it with OpenStack Nova.

### capstan stack push
```
NAME:
   capstan stack push - composes OSv image and pushes it to OpenStack

USAGE:
   capstan stack push [command options] image-name

DESCRIPTION:
   Compose package, build .qcow2 image and upload it to OpenStack under nickname <image-name>.

OPTIONS:
   --size value, -s value    minimal size of the target user partition (use M or G suffix).
                             NOTE: will be enlarged to match flavor size. (default: "10G")
   --flavor value, -f value  OpenStack flavor name that created OSv image should fit to
   --run value               the command line to be executed in the VM
   --keep-image              don't delete local composed image in .capstan/repository/stack
   --verbose, -v             verbose mode
   --pull-missing, -p        attempt to pull packages missing from a local repository
   --boot value              specify config_set name to boot unikernel with (repeatable, will be run left to right)
   --env value               specify value of environment variable e.g. PORT=8000 (repeatable)
   --OS_AUTH_URL value       OpenStack auth url (e.g. http://10.0.2.15:5000/v2.0)
   --OS_TENANT_ID value      OpenStack tenant id (e.g. 3dfe7bf545ff4885a3912a92a4a5f8e0)
   --OS_TENANT_NAME value    OpenStack tenant name (e.g. admin)
   --OS_PROJECT_NAME value   OpenStack project name (e.g. admin)
   --OS_USERNAME value       OpenStack username (e.g. admin)
   --OS_PASSWORD value       OpenStack password (*TODO*: leave blank to be prompted)
   --OS_REGION_NAME value    OpenStack username (e.g. RegionOne)
   

```

### capstan stack run
```
NAME:
   capstan stack run - runs image that was previously pushed to OpenStack

USAGE:
   capstan stack run [command options] image-name

DESCRIPTION:
   Run image that you've previously uploaded with 'capstan stack push'.
   Please note that image size CANNOT be changed at this point (wont' boot on
   too small flavor, wont use extra space on too big flavor), but feel free
   to adjust amount of memory (RAM).

OPTIONS:
   --flavor value, -f value  OpenStack flavor to be run with
   --mem value, -m value     MB of memory (RAM) to be run with
   --name value, -n value    instance name
   --count value, -c value   number of instances to run (default: 1)
   --verbose, -v             verbose mode
   --OS_AUTH_URL value       OpenStack auth url (e.g. http://10.0.2.15:5000/v2.0)
   --OS_TENANT_ID value      OpenStack tenant id (e.g. 3dfe7bf545ff4885a3912a92a4a5f8e0)
   --OS_TENANT_NAME value    OpenStack tenant name (e.g. admin)
   --OS_PROJECT_NAME value   OpenStack project name (e.g. admin)
   --OS_USERNAME value       OpenStack username (e.g. admin)
   --OS_PASSWORD value       OpenStack password (*TODO*: leave blank to be prompted)
   --OS_REGION_NAME value    OpenStack username (e.g. RegionOne)
   

```

## Configuring Capstan tool
Commands used to configure Capstan.

### capstan config print
```
NAME:
   capstan config print - print current capstan configuration

USAGE:
   capstan config print [arguments...]

```

## Contextualizing unikernel remotely
Commands used to contextualize remote unikernel (i.e. on OpenStack Glance).

### capstan package compose-remote
```
NAME:
   capstan package compose-remote - composes the package and all its dependencies and uploads resulting files into remote OSv instance

USAGE:
   capstan package compose-remote [command options] remote-instance

OPTIONS:
   --verbose, -v       verbose mode
   --pull-missing, -p  attempt to pull packages missing from a local repository
   --require value     specify extra package dependency
   

```

---
<sup>  Documentation compiled on: 2019/10/23 02:54
  <br>
  capstan version 
</sup>
