Documentation/Volumes.md, before:

# Attaching volumes
Capstan supports attaching any number of pre-prepared volumes to the instance. Currenly, you need to prepare
a volume manually i.e. with external tools, and then export it into a file on your host. During the `capstan run`
you then provide path to this file together with some metadata.

NOTE: volumes are only supported for QEMU hipervisor at the moment.

## Creating a new volume
You can create a new volume using qemu-img tool:

```bash
$ qemu-img create -f qcow2 ./volume.img 1G
```

## Attaching volumes
Tell Capstan where your volume is and it will attach it to the instance on run:

```bash
$ capstan run demo --volume ./volume.img
```

The volume will get attached as `/dev/vblk1` into the unikernel. The `--volume` argument can be repeated
to attach multiple volumes:

```bash
$ capstan run demo --volume ./volume1.img --volume ./volume2.img --volume ./volume3.img
```

Volumes will get attached as `/dev/vblk1`, `/dev/vblk2`, `/dev/vblk3` in the same order as provided (left-to-right).

### Volume metadata
You can provide volume metadata for Capstan to be able to attach it as desired:

```bash
$ capstan run demo --volume ./volume.img:format=qcow2:aio=threads
```

| KEY | DEFAULT VALUE | VALUES |
|-------|---------------------|------------|
| format | raw | raw, qcow2,vdi,vmdk|
| aio | native | native/threads|
| cache | none | none/writeback/writethrough/directsync/unsafe|

*Consult [QEMU documentation](https://qemu.weilnetz.de/doc/qemu-doc.html#Block-device-options) for more details.*

Commit message:

Create volumes with Capstan
With this commit we implement a simple wrapper around qemu-img to
simplify volume creation for user by using Capstan:

```
$ capstan volume create vol1 --size 1GB --format qcow2
```

The above command needs to be executed inside package (presence of meta/package.yaml
is tested) and will create `volumes` directory with two files:

```
<package_root>
  |-volumes
    |-vol1      # volume itself
    |-vol1.yaml # metadata for Capstan
```

The metadata file is currently not used by Capstan yet, but will be soon
since Capstan will automatically detect all the volumes inside ./volumes
directory. Also `capstan volume delete` is implemented in this commit and
`./volumes` directory is implicitly added to the .capstanignore.

Signed-off-by: Miha Pleško <miha.plesko@xlab.si>

Documentation/Volumes.md, after:

# Attaching volumes
Capstan supports attaching any number of pre-prepared volumes to the instance. Currenly, you need to prepare
a volume manually i.e. with external tools, and then export it into a file on your host. During the `capstan run`
you then provide path to this file together with some metadata.

NOTE: volumes are only supported for QEMU hipervisor at the moment.

## Creating a new volume
You can create a new volume with Capstan:

```bash
$ capstan volume create volume1
```

The command above will create a volume of size 1GB in RAW format by default. Consult `capstan volume create --help`
to learn how other size or other formats can be used. The volume will be created as `./volumes/volume1`.

## Attaching volumes
Tell Capstan where your volume is and it will attach it to the instance on run:

```bash
$ capstan run demo --volume ./volumes/volume1
```

The volume will get attached as `/dev/vblk1` into the unikernel. The `--volume` argument can be repeated
to attach multiple volumes:

```bash
$ capstan run demo --volume ./volume1 --volume ./volume2 --volume ./volume3
```

Volumes will get attached as `/dev/vblk1`, `/dev/vblk2`, `/dev/vblk3` in the same order as provided (left-to-right).

### Volume metadata
You can provide volume metadata for Capstan to be able to attach it as desired:

```bash
$ capstan run demo --volume ./volume1:format=qcow2:aio=threads
```

| KEY | DEFAULT VALUE | VALUES |
|-------|---------------------|------------|
| format | raw | raw,qcow2,vdi,vmdk|
| aio | native | native/threads|
| cache | none | none/writeback/writethrough/directsync/unsafe|

*Consult [QEMU documentation](https://qemu.weilnetz.de/doc/qemu-doc.html#Block-device-options) for more details.*
